docs: restructure and enhancement (#13930)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/index.md

+++
title = "Grafana Enterprise"
description = "Grafana Enterprise overview"
keywords = ["grafana", "documentation", "datasource", "permissions", "ldap", "licensing", "enterprise"]
type = "docs"
[menu.docs]
name = "Grafana Enterprise"
identifier = "enterprise"
weight = 5
+++

# Grafana Enterprise

Grafana Enterprise is a commercial edition of Grafana that includes additional features not found in the open source
version.

> Building on everything you already know and love about Grafana, Grafana Enterprise layers on premium data sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building on everything you already know and love about Grafana, Grafana Enterprise adds premium data sources,
```

> advanced authentication options, more permissions controls and 24x7x365 support and training from the core Grafana team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
advanced authentication options, more permission controls, 24x7x365 support, and training from the core Grafana team.
```

Grafana Enterprise includes all of the features found in the open source edition. Below we list the additional features
that can only be found in the Grafana Enterprise.

### Enhanced LDAP Integration

> With Grafana Enterprise you can setup synchronization between LDAP Groups and Teams. [Learn More]({{< relref "auth/enhanced_ldap.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Grafana Enterprise you can set up synchronization between LDAP Groups and Teams. [Learn More]({{< relref "auth/enhanced_ldap.md" >}}).
```

### Datasource Permissions

> Datasource permissions allows you to restrict query access to only specific Teams and Users. [Learn More]({{< relref "permissions/datasource_permissions.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datasource permissions allow you to restrict query access to only specific Teams and Users. [Learn More]({{< relref "permissions/datasource_permissions.md" >}}).
```

### Premium Plugins

> With a Grafana Enterprise licence you will get access to these premium plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a Grafana Enterprise licence you will get access to premium plugins, including:
```

* [Splunk](https://grafana.com/plugins/grafana-splunk-datasource)
* [AppDynamics](https://grafana.com/plugins/dlopes7-appdynamics-datasource)
* [DataDog](https://grafana.com/plugins/grafana-datadog-datasource)
* [Dynatrace](https://grafana.com/plugins/grafana-dynatrace-datasource)
* [New Relic](https://grafana.com/plugins/grafana-newrelic-datasource)

## Try Grafana Enterprise

You can learn more about Grafana Enterprise [here](https://grafana.com/enterprise). To purchase or obtain a trial license contact
the Grafana Labs [Sales Team](https://grafana.com/contact?about=support&topic=Grafana%20Enterprise).

## License file management

> To download your Grafana Enterprise license login to you [Grafana.com](https://grafana.com) account and go to your **Org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download your Grafana Enterprise license log in to your [Grafana.com](https://grafana.com) account and go to your **Org
```

Profile**. In the side menu there is a section for Grafana Enterprise licenses. At the bottom of the license
details page there is **Download Token** link that will download the *license.jwt* file containing your license.

Place the *license.jwt* file in Grafana's data folder. This is usually located at `/var/lib/grafana/data` on linux systems.

You can also configure a custom location for the license file via the ini setting:

```bash
[enterprise]
license_path = /company/secrets/license.jwt
```

> This setting can also be set via ENV variable. Which is useful if your running Grafana via docker and have a custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting can also be set via ENV variable which is useful if you're running Grafana via docker and have a custom
```
